Now that we've got that subject's genome put together, we're going to put together a interface that
is going to describe the very distinct coupling between this particular subject and the event data that
we expect to receive with it.
So back inside, my editor once again, inside the events directory, I'm going to make a new file called
Ticket Created Events.
At the very top.
We're going to import that enum we just created.
So subjects from.
Subjects.
We're then going to create an export and interface that we're going to call ticket created event.
So again, this is where we're going to set up this very tight coupling.
We're going to say that there is going to be a very tight coupling between this very specific subject
name and this structure of data.
And we're going to then figure out how to enforce that coupling inside of our actual listener.
So inside this interface, we're going to say that we expect there to be an event at some point in time
that indicates that a ticket was just created.
The subject for this event will be of type subject's ticket created, and the data that we expect to
see inside that event is going to be an ID.
That is a string.
A title that is a string and a price.
That is a number.
So again, this is where we set up the coupling between this very specific subject and this structure
of data.
We're going to eventually create interfaces just like the one right here to describe all the different
types of events we eventually expect to have inside of our application.
So, for example, we might have a ticket updated event, a order created order, cancelled order,
whatever else, maybe we have a payment success event or payment failed event.
Every different event we ever expect to have inside our application, we're going to create a different
interface for.
And again, that's going to make sure that TypeScript can step in and make sure that we have some matching
subject and data inside of one of our custom listeners we put together.
Okay.
So we've now got the listing of all the possible subjects.
We've got the interface that describes the coupling of one particular subject with this structure of
data.
Now, last thing we have to do is teach TypeScript how to somehow do some verification and make sure
that when we put our custom listener together, like this one right here, we need to make sure that
TypeScript understands that it needs to check and make sure that this subject right here matches up
with the type of data argument we have right there.
So we'll take care of that in the next video.